When you think of your brain, view it as a mox that contains all sorts of information.
Good and bad.
When you think of your heart, view it as a bottle that contains only good information.
Now listen to this vintage old 1950s joy-diswashing liquid soap commercial.
Joy in a bottle beats anything in a box.
True joy from the heart beats a head full of knowledge.
What about it?
Are you a joyful person?
What good is it?
Well the Bible says, a joyful heart makes for a cheerful countenance and it goes on to say
a heart that is joyful does good to the body.
How does this work?
At times your heart will make you smile when your body is in pain.
For example, you pass another person and he or she says, how are you?
You smile and say, good.
Your back, feet and legs are killing you but your heart won't let you give a negative
answer.
There are other more important reasons to be joyful.
Here's one, Jehovah is a joyful person.
At 1 Timothy chapter 1 and verse 11, he is called the happy God.
Now Sinan is the joyful God.
He rejoices in his work.
Well, how do we know that?
Well look at the 104th Psalm and verse 31, the glory of Jehovah will last forever.
Jehovah will rejoice in his works.
Jehovah will rejoice in his work.
Sinanians are having joy or delight in his works.
Now secondly, Jesus too is a happy worker.
At 1 Timothy chapter 6 and verse 14 and 15, he's called the happy potentate.
Potentate is a powerful ruler, yet he is happy.
It was prophesied of him at Psalm 40, verse 8.
To do your will, oh my God is my delight.
Now this means to please greatly.
According to John chapter 4 and verse 34, the doing of God's work was food for him.
It energized him and sustained him.
Doing God's will was like butter on his bread and milk in his glass.
Jehovah wants us to rejoice in our work.
Come with me please, Ecclesiastes chapter 5 and verse 19.
Also when the true God gives a man riches and material possessions along with the ability
to enjoy them, he should take his reward and rejoice in his hard work.
This is the gift of God.
Bless wives and mothers, rejoice in your work, husbands and fathers, rejoice in your work,
single men and women, rejoice in your work, widows and whittlers, rejoice in your work.
Oh folks, rejoice in whatever you're able to do, just call it work.
Jehovah wants us to be joyful.
Deuteronomy chapter 16 and verse 15 comments this way.
Jehovah your God will bless all that you do and you will become nothing but joyful.
The best fathers are happy fathers.
The best husbands are happy husbands.
The best mothers are happy mothers.
The best children are obedient children.
Oops, I mean our happy children.
Singing up building songs produces joy.
Levite males sang at the temple.
However, other singers and men and women are spoken of and scripture.
At Acts 16, verse 25, it says,
but about the middle of the night, Paul and Silas were praying and praising God with song,
and the prisoners were listening to them.
Slaves used to sing while working.
They did this to pass the time and lift their spirits to the highest joy.
They sang out their struggle,
weariness, loneliness, sorrow, hope, and determination for a better life.
You can sing in the shower.
Just make sure no one's listening.
Count your blessings.
Beath in the joy that they bring you.
Joy is an aspect of God's Holy Spirit.
It is the second of the nine aspects,
mission and Galatians chapter 5 and verse 22.
Pray daily for God's Holy Spirit to be with you in your life.
Read with me, Daniel, chapter 6 and verses 10 and 11.
But as soon as Daniel knew that the decree had been signed, he went to his house,
which had the windows of his roof chamber open towards Jerusalem.
And three times a day, he got down on his knees and prayed and offered
praise before his God, as he had regularly done prior to this.
At that time, those men burst in and found Daniel petitioning and pleading for a favor before
his God. My wife, Gloria, and I used to get down on our knees to pray before going to bed.
Now that we're old, we just sit on the side of the bed and pray.
If we get down, we can't get up.
Keep in mind that prayer will produce in you joy.
You're not alone.
Jehovah is with you.
He is never far away.
At Acts 1727, Paul told some in Athens,
he is not far off from each one of us.
He can see you and hear you from heaven, wherever heaven is located.
Never should we feel that we are alone.
Each minute of every day, Jehovah is right beside us,
looking for opportunities to help us.
Talk to him regularly.
Ask him to give you joy.
Angels two are joyful.
Luke chapter 15, verse 10 says that they're joyful.
Please look at it as we read it.
In the same way, I tell you, joy arises among the angels of God
over one sinner who repents.
What do you think?
Are you a joyful person?
Try to remember the box.
Put your mind to it and the bottle.
Put your heart into it.
Copy as best you can those who are joyful.
Jehovah, Jesus, the angels, your spiritual brothers and sisters.
Pretty early for a joyful countenance, a warm smile does good to the body.
One secular song makes this point.
I won't sing it.
I'll just say it.
Light up your face with gladness.
Hide every trace of sadness.
Although a tear may be ever so near, that's the time you must keep on trying.
Smile.
What's the use of crying?
You'll find that life is still worthwhile if you just smile.
If you are a joyful person, thank Jehovah.
If you are lacking joy, work on being more joyful.
Remember, Jehovah wants you to be nothing but joyful.
Let's make it our aim to please him with joy.